I am Xiao Yan, the Supreme Dragon King
Hahaha Xiao Yan, I'm still accusing
You're a charlatan with a roadside stall
Dare to deceive here
Fan Ruoli, even if you are a Valkyrie
If you offend the Dragon King, no one can protect you
Come
Tie these two up for me
Mom
All out
He missed an opportunity to become the Dragon King's wife
So I got angry.
I'm forgiven for contradicting you.
Well, you are also the sons of Daxia
This Dragon King will give you a chance
Kid fucked him
This Dragon King will no longer care about you
courting death wife
Today is our wedding day
You don't have to do it.
Like this red wine
Only ration me a wedding wine
Keep your eyes peeled.
This is one of the finest wines in Europe
A bottle is worth tens of millions at least
This Jade Dragon Hotel is the top hotel in the building
There are only 10 bottles left.
Even if he is far away
It's not easy to afford
Zhou Shao, you are still really rich
You are willing to give him a drink of such a profound thing
Boy, you heard it too
If it weren't for Ben Shao's kindness today
You'll never drink this in your life
Hurry up and drink
I told you before.
Bad red wine like this is only for washing my feet
waiter
Bring me all the wine